>> Stephen: WELCOME BACK,
EVERYBODY!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, MY NEXT
GUEST IS A TONY-NOMINATED ACTOR
YOU KNOW "THE BOOK OF MORMON,"
"HAMILTON," AND HBO'S "GIRLS."
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO "THE LATE
SHOW," ANDREW RANNELLS!
>> Stephen: NICE TO SEE YOU
AGAIN.
>> I'VE MISSED YOU.
>> Stephen: I'VE MISSED YOU,
TOO YOU'RE A CREATURE OF PURE
ENERGY WHO IS AS DELIGHTFUL AS A
SHINY DIME.
>> THAT'S SO NICE.
>> Stephen: YOU ALSO BRINGS
IT.
>> NO PRESSURE.
I'M GOING TO TAKE A NAP RIGHT
NOW.
>> Stephen: YOU MUST BE TIRED.
I UNDERSTAND YOU HAVE BEEN
TRAVELING.
>> I MADE THE GAY PILGRIMAGE TO
SEE PATTYULA PONE IN LONDON.
>> Stephen: YOU GET SPECIAL
INDULGENCES FOR THAT?
>> I FORCED A FRIENDSHIP WITH
HER OVER THE YEARS-- YOU HAVE
WORKED WITH PATTY LAPONE.
>> Stephen: I HAVE.
SHE IS ABSOLUTELYUE FEEL VAGUELY
SINGED WHEN YOU'RE NEXT TO HER
ON STAGE BECAUSE SHE'S SO
POWERFUL.
>> YES.
I HAVE NEVER WORKED WITH HER --
>> Stephen: REALLY, I HAVE.
>> I KNOW!
I BE!
I>> Stephen: WE HAVE A PHOTO OF
YOU TWO TOGETHER.
>> THAT'S ME AND MY FRIEND SEAN
DOOLEY AND HIS BOYFRIEND
ALBERTO, PATTY, AND MY MOM SALLY
FIELD.
>> Stephen: WAIT A SECOND.
>> IT'S NOT MY MOM.
IT'S JUST SALLY FIELD.
>> Stephen: WHAT IS SHE DOING?
>> SHE'S HANGING OUT.
SHE'S DOING "ALL MY SONS" IN
LONDON AND JUST HAPPENED TO BE
THERE THAT SAME NIGHT.
WE HAD MET DURING THE TONY
AWARDS A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO
BECAUSE WE WERE BOTH NOMINATED
SO WE WERE AT THE SAME LUNCHEONS
AND THINGS.
>> Stephen: ARE YOU AND SALLY
CLOSE NOW?
>> YES...?
IN MY MIND WE'RE CLOSE.
WE'RE PRETTY --
>> Stephen: YOU'RE SHOW BIZ
CLOSE.
>> WE'RE PRETTY TIGHT.
I GOT THAT PHONE NUMBER.
>> Stephen: YOU GOT THE DIGITS
FROM SALLY?
>> YES!
STEPHEN, WHAT DO YOU --
>> Stephen: RELATIONSHIP IS
GETTING SERIOUS NOW.
YOU'VE GOT-- THIS IS EXCITING.
UNEXPECTED.
>> I DON'T KNOW IF YOU RECALL,
BUT THE THE LAST TIME I WAS HERE
I TOLD YOU I WAS GOING TO WRITE
A BOOK.
AND I WROTE IT!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: THAT'S ACTUALLY
THE AD CAMPAIGN FOR THE BOOK,
ISN'T IT:  "I SAID I WOULD DO
IT, AND I DID IT!"
>> I DID IT.
>> Stephen: IT'S CALLED "TOO
MUCH IS NOT ENOUGH."
A MEMOIR OF FUMBLING TOWARD
ADULTHOOD.
YOU'RE STILL A YOUNG MAN.
WHY A MEMOIR?
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, WHAT, THIS
IS-- THESE ARE ESSAYS
SPECIFICALLY FROM MY CHILDHOOD.
AND I MOVED TO NEW YORK IN 1997
AND I WAS CAST IN MY FIRST
BROADWAY SHOW, WHICH WAS
"HAIRSPRAY" IN 2005.
SO I JUST DEAL WITH THAT PERIOD
OF TIME.
WHICH IS, YOU KNOW --
>> Stephen: PREFAMOUS.
>> PREFAMOUS, SURE.
BUT THAT WAS MY GOAL WAS TO BE
ON BROADWAY, RIGHT?
THAT WAS MY NUMBER ONE GOAL.
I STOPPED THE BOOK AT THAT
POINT, BECAUSE WHEN I WAS CAST
IN "HAIRSPRAY" AND WAS ON
BROADWAY, THAT'S ALL I EVER
DREAMED OF.
>> Stephen: WHY DID YOU WRITE
A BOOK ABOUT THAT?
>> I FEEL THOSE ARE OFTEN THE
YEARS THAT ARE SKIPPED OVER.
YOUR CAREER-- A LOT OF PEOPLE
THINK I WAS HATCHED OUT OF AN
EGG DURING "THE BOOK OF MORMON."
I WAS LIKE, I WAS KICKING AROUND
FOR A HFL A LONG TIME.
AND THAT ALL GETS SKIPPED OVER.
>> Stephen: TELL ME ABOUT THE
SUFFERING BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO
SUFFER AS AN ARTIST, RIGHT?
>> SO MUCH SUFFERING.
THAT'S A LOT OF SUFFERING.
>> Stephen: UH-HUH.
>> AND YOUR EARLY --
>> Stephen: DID YOU DO THE
CLASSIC STUFF?
DID YOU WAIT TABLES?
>> NO, I WAS TERRIBLE AT DAY
JOBS.
I WOULD WORK AT, LIKE, ONE PLACE
FOR A NIGHT.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: THAT'S NOT A GOOD
SIGN.
>> NO.
I WORKED AT A RESTAURANT-- I
LIVED WITH MY BEST FRIEND UP BY
COLUMBIA, AND THERE'S A
RESTAURANT CALLED "NACHO MAMAS,"
AND I WORKED THERE FOR ONE DAY.
I WENT, AND I TRAINED, AND THEY
WERE LIKE, "OH, HE'S GOING TO BE
FINE."
LIKE, I COULD BE A HOST, THAT'S
FINE.
AND THEN I JUST NEVER WENT BACK.
( LAUGHTER ).
>> Stephen: ALL RIGHT.
YOU TALK ABOUT YOUR-- YOU HAVE
BROTHERS AND SISTERS?
>> YEAH.
NO.
YES.
I HAVE THREE SISTERS AND A
BROTHER.
>> Stephen: ARE THEY OKAY WITH
YOU TELLING, LIKE, INTIMATE
FAMILY STORIES?
>> WELL?
ARE THEY OKAY?
NO, THEY ALL INTERESTED.
THEY ALL READ IT.
I THINK THEY'RE OKAY.
YOU KNOW, I TRIED TO MAKE A VERY
CONSCIOUS EFFORT WRITING THIS
THAT I WASN'T GOING TO TELL
ANYONE ELSE'S STORY.
I'M NOT TRYING TO BE THE RANLES
FAMILY SPOKESPERSON.
>> Stephen: WHO IS THE RANNELS
FAMILY SPOKESPERSON?
>> MY MOM.
CHARLOTTE.
SO I TRIED TO KEEP IT AS
PERSONAL AS POSSIBLE, RATHER
THAN, LIKE, SPEAKING ON BEHALF
OF MY FAMILY.
BECAUSE THEN IT GETS TRICK GLE
SURE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
>> Stephen: THEY'VE READ IT,
AND THERE'S NOTHING IN HERE THEY
DON'T MIND BEING TOLD.
>> WELL, I TALK ABOUT HAVING A
LOT OF SEX AND STUFF SO I DON'T
THINK THEY WANT TO HEAR ABOUT
THAT.
NOW THEY KNOW!
>> Stephen: BUT IT'S IN HERE.
YOUR MOM-- DID YOU GIVE HER A
WARNING?
>> IN THE ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I-- I
SHARED ALL THE FAMILY STUFF WITH
MY SISTER NATALIE FIRST.
IS THIS HER?
>> THIS IS NATALIE.
THIS IS HALLOWEEN IN PROBABLY 1
1988, '87.
I AM THE POPE AND SHE WAS AN
ANGEL BECAUSE MY GRANDMA THOUGHT
THAT WOULD BE A FUNNY COSTUME IF
I DRESSED UP AS JOHN PAUL II.
CATHOLIC SCHOOL.
>> Stephen: THE
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS ARE IN THE BACK
OF THE BOOK.
>> CORRECT.
>> Stephen: AND THAT'S WHERE
YOU WARN YOUR MOTHER THERE'S A
LOT OF SEX TALK HERE?
THAT SEEMS A LITTLE BIT LIKE
CLOSING THE DOOR AFTER THE COWS
HAVE GOTTEN OUT OF THE BARN.
>> WHY DIDN'T I SEND IT TO YOU
SOONER?
DAMN IT!
I SAID IF SHE HAD ANY FOLLOW-UP
QUESTIONS SHE SHOULD ASK
NATALIE.
>> Stephen: YOU'RE IN A SHOW
CALLED "BLACK MONDAY," AS BLAIR,
DURING THE 1987 STOCK MARKET
CRASH.
HOW ARE YOU ENJOYING THE 80s
FASHION?
>> I CO.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE FELT
THIS WAY WHEN YOU'RE ACTING AND
GET USED TO YOURSELF IN A
CERTAIN COSTUME.
I WAS WEARING A LOT OF
HIGH-WAISTED PLEATED PANTS.
AND I WAS LIKE,UN" WHAT?
I I LOOK GOOD."
>> Stephen: I PROMISE YOU.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU DID.
I WAS THAT AGE IN THE 80s, AND
I WORE HIGH-WAIFTD PLEATED
PANTS.
>> DO YOU STILL HAVE ONE?
>> Stephen: SURE?
>> WHERE?
>> Stephen: IN MY CLOSET.
WOULD YOU LIKE A PAIR?
>> I HAVE AN IDEA.
I'D LIKE TO COME OVER TO YOUR
HOUSE AND HELP YOU CLEAN OUT
YOUR CLOSET.
>> Stephen: THAT WOULD BE FUN.
>> IN THE CLOS WET ANDY AND
STEPHEN.
>> Stephen: "TOO MUCH IS NOT
ENOUGH" IS AVAILABLE NOW.
ANDREW RANNELLS, EVERYBODY!
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH A
PERFORMANCE BY ROBYN.